Draft the README (#3)
near/near-lake: README.md

  any other [Regular/RPC Node in NEAR](https://docs.near.org/docs/develop/node/rpc/hardware-rpc)

### Prepare Development Environment

Before you proceed, make sure you have the following software installed:
* [Rust compiler](https://rustup.rs/) of the version that is mentioned in `rust-toolchain` file in the root of
  [nearcore](https://github.com/nearprotocol/nearcore) project.
* Ensure you have [AWS Credentials configured](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html)
    From AWS Docs:

  > For example, the files generated by the AWS CLI for a default profile configured with aws configure looks similar to the following.
  >
  > ~/.aws/credentials
  > ```
  > [default]
  > aws_access_key_id=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE
  > aws_secret_access_key=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY
  > ```  
  >  
  > ~/.aws/config
  > ```
  > [default]
  > region=us-west-2
  > output=json
  > ```  

### Compile NEAR Lake

```bash
$ cargo build --release
```

### Configure NEAR Lake

To connect NEAR Lake to the specific chain you need to have necessary configs, you can generate it as follows:

```bash

> $ ./target/release/near-lake --home-dir ~/.near/testnet init --chain-id testnet --download-config --download-genesis

Reviewer: We previously used `--home-dir` in our indexers, but `neard` uses just `--home`. I suggest we go with `--home` in `near-lake`, so we can mostly reflect the command line of `neard` and avoid unnecessary conversations going forward.

```

The above code will download the official genesis config and generate necessary configs. You can replace `testnet` in the command above to different network ID (`betanet`, `mainnet`).

**NB!** According to changes in `nearcore` config generation we don't fill all the necessary fields in the config file.
While this issue is open https://github.com/nearprotocol/nearcore/issues/3156 you need to download config you want and replace the generated one manually.
- [testnet config.json](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/build.nearprotocol.com/nearcore-deploy/testnet/config.json)
- [betanet config.json](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/build.nearprotocol.com/nearcore-deploy/betanet/config.json)
- [mainnet config.json](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/build.nearprotocol.com/nearcore-deploy/mainnet/config.json)

Configs for the specified network are in the `--home-dir` provided folder. We need to ensure that NEAR Lake follows
all the necessary shards, so `"tracked_shards"` parameters in `~/.near/testnet/config.json` needs to be configured properly.

> For example, with a single shared network, you just add the shard #0 to the list:

Reviewer: neacore has a hard-coding that basically treats non-empty list of `tracked_shards` as "track all shards". Let's try to communicate this in this README as current statement is incorrect.

Author: If I'm not mistaken empty list means "do not track", and **any value** in the list means "track all shards"

Reviewer: Correct

Author: ah, sorry I've misread your comment.

```
...
"tracked_shards": [0],
...
```

### Run NEAR Lake

Commands to run NEAR Lake

> | binary 	| Command 	| Key/Subcommand               	| Required/Default                                                 	| Responsible for                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         	|

Reviewer: I feel we can drop the `binary` column. What do you think?

Reviewer: I believe it might be either confusing (for newbies) or useless (for those who understand how CLI arguments work) 🤷

Author: OK, agree

```bash
$ ./target/release/near-lake --home-dir ~/.near/testnet run --stream-while-syncing --concurrency 50 sync-from-latest
```

After the network is synced, you should see logs of every block height currently received by NEAR Lake.

## Syncing

Whenever you run NEAR Lake for any network except localnet you'll need to sync with the network. 
This is required because it's a natural behavior of `nearcore` node and NEAR Lake is a wrapper 
for the regular `nearcore` node. In order to work and index the data your node must be synced 
with the network. This process can take a while, so we suggest to download a fresh backup of 
the `data` folder and put it in you `--home-dir` of your choice (by default it is `~/.near`)

Running your NEAR Lake node on top of a backup data will reduce the time of syncing process 

> because your node will download only missing data and it will take reasonable time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because your node will download only the data after the backup was cut and it takes reasonable amount time.
```

All the backups can be downloaded from the public S3 bucket which contains latest daily snapshots:

* [Recent 5-epoch Mainnet data folder](https://near-protocol-public.s3-accelerate.amazonaws.com/backups/mainnet/rpc/data.tar)
* [Recent 5-epoch Testnet data folder](https://near-protocol-public.s3-accelerate.amazonaws.com/backups/testnet/rpc/data.tar)

## Running NEAR Lake as an archival node

It's not necessary but in order to index everything in the network it is better to do it from the genesis. 
`nearcore` node is running in non-archival mode by default. That means that the node keeps data only 
for [5 last epochs](https://docs.near.org/docs/concepts/epoch). In order to index data from the genesis 
we need to turn the node in archival mode.

> To do it we need to update `config.json` located in `--home-dir` or your choice (by default it is `~/.near`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do it we need to update `config.json` located in `--home-dir` (by default it is `~/.near`).
```

Find next keys in the config and update them as following:

```json
{
  ...
  "archive": true,
  "tracked_shards": [0],
  ...
}
```

The syncing process in archival mode can take a lot of time, so it's better to download a backup provided by NEAR 
and put it in your `data` folder. After that your node will need to sync only missing data and it should take 

> reasonable time.

Reviewer: ^^^
